We come from planes afar
What makes us who we are
Remind us what we are
In dreams we've gone so far
Hegaiamas

Try n breathe under the water
Try n live under no sky
Breathe the ocean sail the rain and drink the stars

Slowly there's sunrise in my head
Thoughts inside without me there's nothing
Building the bridges I once dreamt
One command that screams loud, I AM

Dig deep, far beyond the dreaming
Dig deep and tell me what you see
Dig more, kill your thoughts and feelings
Your truth is what you need to find

It is all a game, and it never ends it's all in vain
Tired and weak of trying
Still I'm moving on and there's nowhere yet that I belong
I keep on fighting

Standing alone, I still remember longing for home
One thousand years ago

No fear, learn to obey
don't cry you must fight
Don't run, live through your past
You don't die, we don't die
I'm scared, darkness in me
The battle carries on

Who knows us, who knows the place we come from, the origin unknown
Who falls down, who loses ground when all is said and done I stand alone
I stand alone
Dreaming of a place we called our own

Where we go I do not know don't stop don't ask
The wheels keep turning as the earth keeps spinning
There's no beginning there's no end it's only here and now
This moment is forever, forever

Don't stop the fight is never ending
Don't stop for life is now your own
Though wind and snow we're marching onwards
With eyes ablaze and no time left to lose

It is all a game, and it never ends it's all in vain
Tired and weak of trying
Still I'm moving on and there's nowhere yet that I belong
I keep on fighting

Standing alone now I remember I found my home
One thousand years ago

Die every day, be reborn every day. Deny all you have every day. The ultimate virtue is not to be free but to fight for freedom. There are two forces in the universe. One that drives us downwards, wants us to be still, to stop, to die. The other wants us to push upwards, to breathe, to live. And here we are, standing between those immense voids and all we can do is dance and cry and sing.

A song for freedom, a song for freedom we will sing.

I would spend forever and a day, I'd pay the price I'd have to pay
to find a tiny piece, a fragment of truth in this world of illusion
this life of confusion there's got to be more than this,
I could be more than this I.
So I'm pouring my eyes out, I'm pouring my heart out, just for a chance to sing.

A song for freedom, we will sing a song for freedom.

Try to breathe under the water
Try to live under no sky
Breathe the ashes, smoke and cinder
Bow to hegaiamas